another day on mother earth what a
lovely morning it's so nice I'm
somewhere in hot cars at Mia Bella next
to this beautiful lake view simply
fantastic yeah i'm just waiting for my
boss who is out there eating food and
i'm sitting here just waiting for him
you know sometimes you just feel like
sitting back relaxing I'm just
forgetting everything so finally I have
a phablet the big phone this is HTC max
and it has a max off-screen of five
point nine inches so this is what I have
with myself today my new Nokia Lumia
1520 this beautiful six-inch looking
tablet no I wasn't always comfortable
with the whole idea of phablets and I
think phablets totally makes sense in
fact they're so big carrying them around
the whole day in your pocket is really
very uncomfortable man it's not
uncomfortable for me to carry because
cause I have a purse a little bit of a
problem for a man to carry a phablet how
does that matter to me to use them of
course you'll have to use both your
hands because yeah it's big I can't use
them while driving that's for sure why
do I always do to drive like an awesome
one else will drive so I can completely
you using my phablet how am I using the
phablet how do i use my father my
facebook I took man's Twitter annan's to
grab my favorite now they're on windows
as well so i can happily go along using
them i write my script while i am
traveling love playing my games on this
i can enjoy it and playing it is so much
fun i watch movies man yeah for movies
there's good you don't need a smartphone
and a tablet because you can have a live
one device and that's a puppet perfectly
great muchas what are you doing here
what are you doing here alcohol is here
I was also here so I didn't notice you
you're a notice me I do not notice you
and you also got a fabric for self
copycat that's Lumia in 20 right
haha little STD max cool evolve yeah
your demon lab does not make a fool
cooler this one is certainly cooler
another 15-20 Nokia Lumia six ish
certainly very very nice give us check
out the design it follows the Nokia
Lumia design category and it has this
Genie body polycarbonate plastic and it
feels it feels so nice and annual it is
solid and I that's exactly how a phablet
should be like but yeah I have to
confess it does feel a little slippery
but yeah it's bigger than the HTC max
and thinner than your HTC max and of
course lighter as well 1080 x 1920
pixels resolution and at the back you
have the 20 megapixel rear camera with
dual-led flash and above the flash you
have these multiple Mike speaker grills
at the bottom and those pins for
wireless charging on the left here of
the micro SD card slot and you can
expand the memory upto 64gb and you know
Gorog this one has a nano-sim the same
one that you use in the iphone 5s but
the micro sim so long it looks this one
is great weight looks this is not bad
either okay HTC max you have the same
design philosophy as the HTC One series
yeah but it's not unibody instead you
have a back lid because I must confess
yeah it becomes a little awkward once
you take it out putting it back together
at times leave some gaps
it's a rigid and robust bone and it
feels solid if you'll confident the it
won't slip you have a 4 megapixel camera
at the back the ultrapixel camera and
there's LED flash and below this is a
fingerprint scanner now the fingerprint
scan it's pretty cool because you can
use this to unlock the phone so
fingerprint scanner gaurav quite
interesting it is you know in fact you
can scan three fingers so you can
actually use your index finger opening
the SMS middle finger for opening your
camera and your thumb to open your gmail
that's interesting security cool but I
have a password why do I need three
fingers for security anyways it tell you
about your hardware the hardware of your
HTC max cool phone you tell me about the
hardware your Nokia so my nokia lumia
1520 has a six inch IPS display have a
1080 x 9 20 pics a resolution runs on a
quad-core 2.2 gigahertz snapdragon 800
has an Adreno 330 GPU as a 2gb ram and
of course the 20 megapixel back ramrod a
1.2 megapixel front camera and at a
price of 46 thousands and my HTC max 1
5.9 inch so for LCD 3 screen n 80 x 1920
pixels resolution I have a 1.7 G go
quad-core Snapdragon 600 CPU Adreno 320
GPU 2gb RAM yes and it's running on
Android 4.3 you have 4 megapixel ultra
pixel HTC camera and a 2.1 megapixel
front camera its price of peace
51,000 yeah mine is expensive than yours
but hardware specs wise I think Lumia
wins but whatever hardest specification
the HTC max comes out with it performs
really well and what I really like about
the phone is the audio quality HTC
boomsound is i think is fantastic get
these front speaker grilles awesome
video experience is created gone are dr.
dre breeds never really fancied them so
yeah organ video is cool the HTC Sense
5.5 has new features here and you can
see significant enhancements most
obvious change is that the homes we now
offers extra line of icons talking about
the camera the four megapixel ultrapixel
camera is not bad now in the camera I
have a 4-megapixel yeah 20 Mike's oh
yeah yeah it doesn't click that bad
pictures it's it's okay but yeah
basically if you compared to the
competition it's not that great
especially compared with the Lumia 1520
I think that's better Annie of course
the nokia has gone a little too high
with the calls eased Lance here we have
the 20 megapixel camera that can kick
absolutely great pictures it's just a
smart camera features as per your
requirement and get those great pictures
there is a lot to play around with the
camera we can go on raving above the
camera where we will just stop and say
that it is simply great so you don't go
can you see something the Luna makes you
look nice so something excellent camera
oh yeah
that's a good picture but you know have
been using the HD back for a week so
Anders whatsoever I've been doing my
gaming I've been surfing the web
watching videos it lasts me or day you
have to obviously recharge it um yeah
come back home but overall good
performance camera technique would have
been a little better but then not a bad
feeling but they are sorry bad I'm going
to stick to it go with this one it is
certainly not very though maybe wins a
lot many other places to the Lumia as
well that's where you were here Garf did
you go to the auto expo oh yes I